Mention CephFS and RBD in-tree storage driver deprecation (#42201)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/volumes.md

Reviewer: Optionally, link to the replacement we're recommending.

and the kubelet, set the `InTreePluginAzureFileUnregister` flag to `true`.

### cephfs
{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.28" state="deprecated" >}}

{{< note >}}

> We recommend to use CephFS CSI out-of-tree driver instead.

Reviewer: We [avoid using “we”](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#avoid-using-we). Please reword, eg “The Kubernetes project recommends&hellip;”

> The Kubernetes project recommends to use [CephFS CSI](https://github.com/ceph/ceph-csi) out-of-tree driver instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes project suggests that you use the [CephFS CSI](https://github.com/ceph/ceph-csi) third party
storage driver instead.
```

directory. For more details, see [projected volumes](/docs/concepts/storage/projected-volumes/).

### rbd
{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.28" state="deprecated" >}}

{{< note >}}

> We recommend to use Ceph RBD CSI out-of-tree driver instead.

Reviewer: We [avoid using “we”](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#avoid-using-we). Please reword, eg “The Kubernetes project recommends&hellip;”
